[ Music ]
>> Rachel Magario: Well I think the major
thing is attitude, the major component
of being successful and overcoming
difficulties is attitude.
Attitude is 60% of your battle.
If you can get up and look
at a glass half full instead
of half empty, then, you're on the right track.
What helped me was I have
a very supportive mother.
My dad wasn't supportive but
he also didn't stay in the way.
So, what happened was I was able to learn
how to advocate for myself really early on.
My mother often forced teachers
to have to discuss
with me what would be our plan
of action and not with her.
There was a time that she wasn't even available.
She would skip being in the picture
to force teachers to work with me.
She taught me a lot of critical thinking
and process at home so I could learn
and detect what was needed for me to learn.
And then, just working with people, being able
to explain to them that you have a problem
and you might not know what that problem was.
And then, together, we can work it out.
[ Music ]